Project Link: https://github.com/joy631pu/restaurantproject

INSTRUCTIONS: Fill out the following form and upload the form to your GITHub repository. 
Choose only one of the corresponding numbers in your answer for sections A-F.  
Answer the questions in section G in sentence form.
Please total your self-evaluation score at the bottom of the rubric.

A. Code Quality 
0 - Nothing - No submission
1 - Below Expectations - Code renders but the code is unreadable 
2 - Meets Expectations - Good formatting and uses naming conventions but can be improved
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Code is exceptionally clean and best practices are used
Your Answer:3


B. Content 
0 - Nothing - No submission
1 - Below Expectations - Content not related to assignment or project
2 - Meets Expectations - Content is related to assignment or project and gets the point across
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Content is exceptionally detailed and well put together
Your Answer:3


C. Layout / Organization 
0 - Nothing - No Submission
1 - Below Expectations - Long codes with no divisions or random code layout
2 - Meets Expectations - Code that is modular and divided into section declarations; subprograms
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Code is exceptionally well organized. 
Your Answer:3


D. Comments/Commits 
0 - Nothing - No Submission
1 - Below Expectations - Excessive, unnecessary, and irrelevant remarks
2 - Meets Expectations - Comments identify authorship and code's intention
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Comments and documentation are clear succinct; wizardry points are explained
Your Answer:2


E. Rendering 
0 - Nothing - Page does not load or render
1 - Below Expectations - Page renders, but has errors and/or has apparent design issues
2 - Meets Expectations - Page renders and produces no errors
3 - Exceeds Expectations - Page renders and displays properly for multiple screen sizes and browsers 
Your Answer:3

F. Process
0 - Nothing - Project not attempted
1 - Below Expectations - code and documents not added to repository at correct times
2 - Meets Expectations - code published as website, milestones met
3 - Exceeds Expectations - all milestones accomplished, submissions organized, instructions carefully followed, steps thoroughly documented
Your Answer:3

G. Self Evaluation Questions (half point each):

1. How much time did you spend on this assignment/project?
   I spent nearly 20 hours in this assignment.

2. How difficult did you feel this project was? Easy, moderate, difficult?
   I think this semester final project was a difficult task.

3. What challenges did you come across while working on this project?
   I faced challenges while applying SASS for designing the CSS styles of my Fast-food restaurant website.

4. What things would you like to learn more about after having worked on this assignment?
   I would like to learn more about Javascript as Javascript is very important for web development.

Total Score:19/20

Changes that I made:
I changed the carousel items of each page of my project so that audiences can easily understand on which page they are currently scrolling.

Reflection:
I learned so many necessary lessons regarding website design and development in this course including CSS, CSS Animations,Bootstrap,SASS,Clean Code rules,How to cope with agile development etc.
I enjoyed all of the assignments and class participations but I didn't like the quizzes.
If I had the authority to change the curriculum of the course then I would assign 20% of the course grade to quizzes rather than 32%.
I want to keep all of the tutorials that I got in this semester because all of them are necessary.
In my opinion, the workload was appropriate for a college class.
I didn't spend enough time on reading materials of the course.
Lastly, I am feeling confident and ready to tackle a project on my own.


